# Data access

To access data generated by sensors, an API is provided.

The API is discribed and accessible at https://doc.eliot.in/inmarsat_pixels_camp/

An API key will be provided to the participants by inmarsat team.


## Devices

### Around the world

Those sensors are deployed on the field by inmarsat team:
  - 000DB53112713543: CO2, temperature & humidity sensor
  - 000DB5311380356A: CO, temperature & humidity

### At fieldcloud's office

Those sensors are deployed at fieldcloud's office:
  -	3K16E00000: Temperature & Humidity
  - 3K16E00017: GPS
  - 3K16E00018: Light
  - 3K16E00019: Barometer
  - 3K16E00020: Loudness
  - 3K16E00021: Gas & Smoke
  - 3K16E00022: Temperature & Humidity
  - 3K16E00023: Distance & Passages
  - 3K16E00024: Temperature & Humidity
Maybe you try to know when the team is working or not...  

### Your team device

Kits have been provided to participants with material to create LoRa sensors, their id is the serial of the kit.

## Data format

Datasets are available in 2 formats:
  - eliot: data treated by fieldcloud for experimental use with payload transformation
  - native: data from inmarsat IoT platform

### eliot format

eliot is inmarsat's partner fieldcloud platform used to learn by experimenting with the internet of Things.

To facilitate access to data, informations received by the platform are formated in a standard way, no matter who provides it. 

For known sensors, payload are transformed to give easy to understand information such as temperature or passages.

To access those data, use the GET /data/{device_id} method where device_id correspond to DevEui or serial of the object (ask inmarsat team).

### Native

To access original dataset sended by inmarsat's platform, use the GET /data/{device_id}/original method.


## Visualization

An example of what can be done to visualize data from sensor is available at this URL : https://freeboard.io/board/UdE_ZW

Data comes from sensor 000DB53112713543, which provides CO2 level, temperature and humidity measurements. Location is LoRa basestation's.

